Oh, this is a hot summer Petersburg outside the window
it is raining and on my channel howl video with
a story about my last purchases from
clothes
so if you're interested then
stay with me and let's get started
today will be a very unusual hall and how
did you notice by name called him
chinese yes this is my first order clothes
from the Chinese site
in this video I would like to share with
your impression and your opinion about
clothes and tell you about really
Lin such sites order beautiful
stylish clothes for little money
site family direct and ordered myself here
such sandals are pretty fuel
now a rough model for such a tractor
the sole itself they are very simple and i
I love these simple uncluttered shoes they
cool fit like jeans
like dice they are very light and pretty
comfortable I ordered myself a boyfriend jeans
these are jeans from pretty thick fabric
classic light blue to me
like the way they sit on me they are like
classic boyfriends little bit urs with
they look very cool combinations with
these white sandals but also
happy he is by the way these jeans no matter how
strange have become one of the most important
favorites of this summer and i'm pretty
often wear and if you follow me in
instagram then I already laid out a few
photos featuring these jeans y
myself in profile this summer I can't
walk past white t-shirts with
various inscriptions and prints
that's why I liked here
such a t-shirt is it elongated
and the most important detail that is not in me
attracted this lace inset on the bottom
she looks very elegant and extremely
like how this t-shirt fits with
jeans so there are no options
Well, of course a little without disappointment
which I also decided to tell you and
I ordered myself such a dress which
the picture just looks cool and
As a result, I got a month of rag
like
with stitched absolutely crooked at first
the touch broke the button on
the back and the whole dress in general is absolutely
doesn't sit on me because she
really crooked stitched she performed
from very thin transparent fabric for in
Overall I do not know what to do with this.
wearing a dress that's for sure
I will and the output is just disgusting
us none of the most favorite things on
summer is denim shorts
I hope that no one will be offended by the new
on many girls denim shorts
don't look pretty simple to me
like the way we don't look like denim
shorts and therefore extremely rarely wear them
naturally rarely buy but me
really liked these shorts
decided to order them and not at all
disappointed they look pretty
stylish they have such an oversized model for
this leg seems a little bit
slimmer and I really like how they
look combined with white lace
Well, it was the last purchase
elongated vest and it is also very
top and now fashionable model that
You can see on many fashion
bloggers I have long dreamed of such a pity and
it is made of a rather thin fabric but
it did not disappoint me in any way
case look cool with t-shirts with
different tops and generally very stylish
It looks well, and you all the purchases of which I
I wanted to tell you
I personally think that on such sites
can really find something worthwhile
and this is a real find in terms of
the current crisis if you enjoyed it
this video then put your thumbs up if
you are not subscribed to my channel yet
you must subscribe because
a new video is coming out soon or
big per view and all bye
my
and